Improve readme + Update bc.yml and code of conduct (#574)
yiisoft/validator: .github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

* Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
* Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
* Accepting responsibility and apologizing to those affected by our mistakes, and learning from the experience
* Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall community

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery, and sexual attention or advances of any kind
* Trolling, insulting or derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or email address, without their explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Enforcement Responsibilities

Core team members are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our standards of acceptable behavior and will take 
appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive,
or harmful.

Core team members have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits,

> issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will inform about reasons for 
```
